Fix arrays concept (#723)
exercism/php: concepts/arrays/about.md

$no_keys === $integer_keys // => strictly equal returns true
```

> All values are of `mixed` type, and each value in an array is not required to be of the same type.

Reviewer: I do not think we should speak about `mixed` here, and I find the sentence hard to read.

The PHP documentation just says:
> The value can be of any type

I can suggest the following but feel like it is not the best either.
```suggestion
Each value can have a different type. There is no type restriction.
```

Author: ```suggestion
An array can have values of any type.
Each value can have a different type.
```

Reviewer: > @homersimpsons How about that?

@mk-mxp this one looks fine!

$my_empty_arr = array(); // => []

// or
$letters = mb_str_split("Hello"); // => ["H", "e", "l", "l", "o"] 
```

Access, assign, append values using the index operator:

```php

> $prime_numbers = [1, 3, 5, 6];

Reviewer: 1 is not a prime number. 2 is the first prime number.

```suggestion
$prime_numbers = [2, 3, 5, 6];
```
